we begin with breaking news out of
Northern Gaza and Israeli strikes have
killed three sons and three
grandchildren of hamas's political
leader several members of is Han's
family were traveling by vehicle in the
alhat camp when their car was hit we'll
now speak to yusri who's a journalist
he's also joining us on the line from
Gaza City yusri uh tell us what you know
about the strike and what's
happened yes uh good afternoon and uh
good evening and uh um we saw a misery
situation here in the Sha refugee camp
while we were walk we heard an explosion
and uh we didn't know what happened
because it was uh close to an H was
school but when we uh ran and and
escaped from the explosion uh some of
the our neighbors said that um an
Israeli drone targeted a a vehicle or a
car so I went back and I saw uh the uh
the the car and many buies were
uh many buies killed and someone was
severely injured and after that they
said that he is Muhammad the son of is
and he killed after that and and one of
his I think his children and two of his
brother's children a girl and a boy and
this
what happened is close to a shop Market
in the middle of the beach refugee
camp so yri you can confirm then that is
Han's family his children and
grandchildren were in that vehicle and
it was targeted by the
Israelis yeah yes sure they targeted
them while they were visiting their
families because today is the first day
of the Eid so uh the Palestinians and
Muslims are visiting each other so uh
children went to visit their I think
uncles so the Israeli drone target while
they visiting uh the family and uh and
we knew them because it's
a a missile of a drone it's not an F-16
um missile so we saw their faces but
unfortunately their bodies were cut into
pieces what what what is there to be
said about the timing of this attack as
you're saying it is the first day
ofid it seems that because of the
is leader of Hamas and about the
negotiation and the refusal of Hamas of
the Israeli uh negotiation or uh the
bargain about what's happening right now
about the uh the the the prisoners and
and the kidnapped Israelis it seems that
the Israeli want to send a message to
and to the Hamas
uh cabinet and and and and the leader
office that the Israeli will Target the
whole families of the Hamas leaders in
North Gaza and also in South Gaza this
seems right now because they are
civilians and they didn't do anything
they are not militant group they're not
related even to Hamas they are just sons
of a leader of Hamas and they were just
going by their vehicle to visit their
family and their uncle and that's what
happened here uh Y and I wonder if you
can confirm whether or not I mean this
is this is not the first time that the
family members of hamas's leaders have
been
targeted yeah before that they targeted
his um cousins but uh they targeted his
house because we live close
to house and we saw the the destruction
of his house because it was uh destroyed
the whole area not only the the the the
building of is s house and and also the
other offices which is related to his
house or to the Hamas movement but
what's happening before they didn't
Target his family but this is the first
time they target his son before that
they targeted his um uh cousins and and
and other nephews maybe but it's the
first time they targeted uh uh uh
Muhammad and and Haim and Amir they were
young and uh the oldest one of those uh
young men are 33 years
old okay thank you so much for that
update thanks for speaking to us from
Gaza uh let's bring in our correspondent
Han Mahmud hany you're obviously joining
us from RAF and I mean as we're hearing
people in Gaza are marking this first
day of Reid under uh the threat of
Israeli air strikes and now this news
confirmed that is hanah's family members
of his family have been
killed yes well we we were monitoring
the situation since early hours of this
morning and of course from late hours of
last night when the we we witnessed a
surge in the air strikes across the grip
that is started in the Central Area noat
including in early hours of this
afternoon once again
refugee camp that's a block to that was
targeted relentlessly with massive air
strikes and many people reported to Ala
hospital at the same time the Israeli
military uh was attacking eastern part
of Gaza City including the densely
populated neighborhoods sh Z
neighborhood by constant nonstop
artillery Shilling since early hours of
this afternoon and what we learned so
far about what happened to the sons and
the grandsons of isma hania that's the
political bureau chief of Hamas in Gaza
they were in a car and on their way to
pay a visit for their relatives because
today marks the first day ofid and this
is the the Traditions that Palestinians
here shareed together and and do on the
first day of Eid is to pay visits to
their relatives and close ones and
family members uh what the description
we had from an eyewitness on the ground
the car was targeted by at least two
missiles fired from a drone and
completely incinerated the car beyond
recognition bodies were removed from the
car and they were coming off in pieces
as they were also incinerated uh beyond
recognition in the car that's a three CH
the three sons of SM Hanah and three of
his grandchildren two boys and one girl
of the of the grandchildren now the
incident including the constant attacks
uh starting from last night all day long
is viewed largely by many people here
across the grip as a a tool of pressure
to dictate the course of the Peace of
the ceasefire talks in Cairo and it's
also a a signed by the Israeli military
that there is no lit up in the attacks
and the Israeli military will continue
uh attacking Palestinians across the G
trip including those who are associated
or family members uh of of Hamas or any
other Palestinian group it's also viewed
as a way uh to inflect as much pain and
as much uh damage on people who already
suffer already traumatized by this
ongoing War for the past 6
months yeah and hany I mean we uh the
Hamas leader is Han has said in fact
that the killing of my sons will not
affect the Hamas ceasefire demands
that's what we're hearing right now and
he's also accused Israel of killing his
sons in quote the spirit of Revenge and
murder so that is what the political
leader has had to say about the killing
of his sons as well as his grandchildren
um but um hany speaking of uh the the
ceasefire um how how are people in ra at
least where you are um feeling about the
ceasefire talks at the same time though
we understand that there is a threat of
a ra ground
offensive
yes well to put things in Contex
Palestinians have been largely drained
by the uh all the Le leaked reports and
the ongoing on and off talks of a
potential ceasefire deal and and the
fact of matter that this has been going
on for quite some times and got to the
point where Palestinians are ready to
receive Some solid uh news about about a
ceasefire not some leaked report that
there is a potential uh ceasefires has
been very exhausting very uh very tiring
for people who are suffering on daily
basis still there is a famine going on
in the northern part there are signs of
starvation people are still dying at the
record pace and it was the hope of
people that the month of Ramadan was
going to be somehow peaceful and they
would not want to see uh their children
wrapped in white sheets and be in the
hospitals with no medical attention
whatsoever the Kent talks right now
though they are somehow they are
constructive but it's still they haven't
got to the point where where people can
for sure feel there is a ceasefire
coming off anytime soon particularly uh
the all the the rejection of from the
Israeli sides on one of the major
demands which is the return of displ
Palestinians here in in the in
overcrowded rafah City to their homes
the Israeli military is still rejecting
this demand and we know Hamas and other
Palestinian
groups on the ground they're making this
as a priority because they want to see a
relief of the ongoing uh trauma and
ongoing suffering and misery for the 1.5
million displaced F Palestinians in
overcrowded southern part of the of the
trip and hany uh while I have you with
us just give us an update if you might
on the past few hours in Gaza City and
whether there's been any strikes uh not
only in Gaza City but right across the
Gaza Strip and their
aftermath
yes well we were able to monitor this
surgeon the attacks from last night when
just it's the night and just hours
before uh e day started where in the
Israeli military uh in a massive air
strike targeted a residential home in a
n refugee camp killing at least 14
people mostly women and it children uh
at the same time they're ongoing the
constant Shilling of of eastern part of
kanun is an area that has been
repeatedly targeted and and based on
what we heard from people who went back
after the Israeli military pulled out
from the area particularly Aban Zen area
those are the Eastern neighborhoods of
Kan Unis have been destroyed beyond
recognition for a lot of people the area
was unknown for them completely alien to
what they used to know so far about the
the city the eastern part of of Gaza
City also including sh and other parts
were under heavy artillery Shilling and
and the fact that there are drones those
are attack drones in the area just
casting many fear and concern for people
to go back to these to these areas
including the attacks within the past uh
few but in the past hour and earlier in
this early hours of this afternoon okay
thank you hany thank you so much hany
Mahmud reporting for us from in the Gaza
Strip
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al
jazer